Add guides for Windows OVA VM (#212)
tidalmigrations/tidalmigrations.github.io: pages/user guides/tidal-vms.md

> To help you get your Tidal Migrations discovery done easily and quickly you can use the Tidal Tools virtual machine image. This VM has the latest Tidal Migrations software and dependencies installed for you, so you can focus on getting things done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you speed up your discovery process, you can use a  pre-configured Tidal Migrations Virtual Machine. These VMs have the latest Tidal Migrations software and dependencies installed for you, so you can focus on getting things done.
```

It can also perform discovery without any network connectivity to the public internet. To run a discovery in an 'offline' mode checkout [this guide](https://guides.tidalmg.com/tidal-offline.html).

## Ubuntu Server 18.04

The image runs standard [Ubuntu Server (18.04.6)](https://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/releases/18.04.6/release/) and has a CLI only interface. It comes with the latest version of [Tidal Tools](https://tidalmigrations.com/tidal-tools/), [Machine Stats](https://pypi.org/project/machine-stats/) and [DNS Tools](https://dnstools.ninja/) installed.

> It can be deployed into any virtual environment that is compatible with OVA based images, and is compatible with AMD64 or EM64T architectures.

Reviewer 2: Nice catch! I use a vscode extension called `Code Spell Checker` personally to help with this, if you don't have it already. I can't spell to save my life 😅

Author: Yeah, I use the same. 😅

Author: I'd also recommend `markdownlint` extension with that.

The current supported limit on scanning one group of hosts at once with Machine Stats is 800 hosts. It may be possible to scan more but it might not be reliable and will depend on the exact performance of the virtual hypervisor and network speeds in your environment.

If you need any help in deploying the VM or getting started with your discovery, [send us a message](mailto:support@tidalmigrations.com) and we can help you get setup.

## Windows Server 2022

The image runs [Windows Server (2022 Datacenter Evaluation)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/evalcenter/evaluate-windows-server-2022). It comes with the latest version of [Tidal Tools](https://tidalmigrations.com/tidal-tools/) and [Machine Stats](https://pypi.org/project/machine-stats/) installed.

It can be deployed into any virtual environment that is compatible with OVA based images.

To get started:

1. [Download the image](https://d2ny8m13pxxvfx.cloudfront.net/tidal-windows-server-2022.ova)
2. Deploy the downloaded OVA file into your VMware (or VirtualBox, or any OVA compatible virtual environment)

> 3. Once the VM is running, you can log in with either the following credentials:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Once the VM is running, you can log in with either of the following credentials:
```

```text
Username: vagrant
Password: vagrant
```

```text
Username: Administrator
Password: vagrant
```

> Once you are logged in, we recommend you change the password to a unique and secure password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you are logged in, we recommend you change the password to one that's more unique and secure.
```

Reviewer 2: Nitpick, nothing wrong with the original sentence so feel free to ignore 😅
